There was a woman in the corner. She was wearing a navy shirt and blue button-down shirt from the old shop I was moving to. A red-haired woman and my best friend watched with blankness as I walked the long narrow street we had shared.

I turned to see something.

'You didn't pay enough, but your bill has been paid,' her face looked meek. 'Have you ever had a charge of €15? And you know you're a very good student, too?'

I looked down to see another familiar face. It seemed the same person who had been on the train but never paid. She looked tired and the sound of a person's throat rumbled across the street. 'Well, why don't you come down here and pay a little less?'

The woman was wearing a long grey shirt and black tie, which meant she looked older and worn out. 'Of course, but that's only $15. How much does it cost?'

I nodded, knowing I wasn't making an appearance on the money table.

"We're going to make a surprise visit, because the kids need to have a few bottles to take home," explained her daughter, her face covered by a long white taupe coat and a red tie.

I was still wearing the same old blue T-shirt. I was looking at the girl in black.

'And they can go for a drink,' said the girl and looked like she had come from a different place.

'How long will it take to get a job?' asked another girl. "There really are no jobs for you in London. So, you say it won't cost you an extra €15!'

She held the blue T-shirt up and said, 'We will start on the Monday when we finish school. It makes no difference what you bring for work, so it's perfectly fine.'

I looked at the girl before me and asked, 'Is this really what you are?'

'Well, I think I'll probably work for half a year. Besides I'm an artist. I can do anything I want now.'

A look of shock flashed across my face as I got a bit up close and personal with her. 'Is it like that?' I asked.

She went on, 'I thought we were going to be looking after each other until you were just old enough.'

I nodded a nod of trust and continued moving. I was beginning to look like a new girl, one who had been bullied for the past 12 months. The smile had been there. I looked at her again and stared. 'It's an hour and a half drive from here. What can we do?'

I turned back to the street in front of Salisbury's and noticed a small group of people running up the steps towards me.

'We need you to get into our car,' said the man. 'Our local business partner bought it, so if we are allowed to meet in person, there would be a little 'We're the police' sign with the 'J' on one face and the 'L' on the other.'

I took a turn off the street to avoid the group. They seemed to be in the vicinity of my destination, a shop to my right and a window to my left; a door into
