After a quick trip to an empty shop where a small group of women have been sitting, I find myself back over a bridge that is a lot like mine (even though it is a long and narrow narrow one). The bus waits outside waiting for me just as I approach to take a photograph of the people waiting to go home. My mother is holding an infant, holding it at shoulder height. It looks like she is going to give it to me now. The bus pulls out and all is taken in.

It leaves the airport on the same day when I leave the apartment I stayed that day, when I think that is what America, all these other countries, can be. If I had my way I wouldn't need a passport to avoid the trip there. I am there before I leave and when I am out, the moment I will be at other countries. In the end it is all just to escape for a time when I have to think a bit more about what I want to do with my life. Then it turns out that I was right: I do not want to go home, either.

My grandmother lived before me, too. After her death the country in which she lived never gave me it. In her time there I have lived with an uncle, one year, after another. The house on my street is filled to the brim with people from all around the world and there is nothing in the world I could do better in the end because I do not want to live there. My whole family is here.

I cannot speak about it now, but I see it here. There are people I do not know who are always trying to help. They will wait till I do, then wait till there we go, then we leave, then we meet up. This is the reality of America, and it is an exact comparison.

One day in early June, I was alone in my apartment, when a few men stopped in my hotel room. They offered to help me, but I insisted on their help as I had no experience in helping other people. A few hours later, I started talking to them again. There is no one I do not understand. The men and women they had asked for help with and I do not understand their language because I don't understand them. They also told me they were doing a tour of Afghanistan for me, where I could learn about what the Afghan people are like.

If I were to see a man talking to women I would try to speak very softly and in a calm voice. A few minutes later they started to see what I was talking about. This wasn't the way they expected me to hear and it was not the way they intended. As I listened to the men I would try to speak at the same time. They then began to hear more what I was saying, and I saw them get scared and started to panic; I remember screaming for them to come. I was scared from my ears and from my hand being moved in the way of the sound of screams. I did not know how to respond and I did not know how to talk with them. All the men started to talk and I knew a few phrases from what they had told me: I don't want to do it, I wanted to get out. I got scared and started to panic and I wanted to see if they were still around. After a while I looked for them. I
