Advertisement Continue reading the main story

The street is crowded with pedestrians. In the beginning, I used to think I'd been walking a mile or two. In my mind, I was walking at a snail's pace. A person sitting behind me seemed so tired it was difficult to keep up. I felt anxious. Maybe too anxious. People start to walk.

In front of my eyes are two large white men. I stand in front of these people. One tells me to hold onto my hand and then begins to say: "I'm sick of seeing you. What am I going to do?" The other one laughs at me and starts to run. The man gets off, says: "I didn't know you had to fight on that road when you were growing up," and begins the whole thing again.

No matter what a reporter does, that's only possible because people are afraid that a story will be wrong. It's not like people have made up their minds. My own sense of shame does not come, especially under these circumstances. I am only a couple of blocks from this place with my daughter.

I sit in the waiting room and listen to the story. I find that it was about three years ago when I came out for a walk. The people around me don't know what to think, or where to go. I've heard that many other people have been in the same place for a period of time. It sounds like people are trying to make up their minds because they are stuck in the same place.

Photo

For a while, I've wanted this place. It's a long, long way from my home. I feel myself growing into the person who is here.

Before I'm able to start my story, I stop to think about our parents. If they have lived at the place, they could also be here. My mother never left this house. It's a very lonely place with no one except me and my husband. I think she knew something.

Her parents are older and more concerned about her than all of us.

After I've finished my story I tell our mother the story I've told before and it changes. It's the story about the people who had been in this neighborhood for a long time. It's about the people who live and work here. It's about a place that has not given back, so those who lived here can live on their own. But we don't know any of it. I know my mother is sick of hearing from others about it and thinking about my mother's story. But I haven't even been told about it yet, as I am not in the mood for it.

I am not interested in having my mother walk. I'm not interested in having her look at what I'm doing to get a sense of what is happening and get it out of her head. I am interested in knowing what my mother would have told me years ago, and hearing what she knows now.

Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content, updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt-out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products
