The dog gave me a quick kiss and then left. This was a terrible end for the ride home.

As I rode home, a man, who was dressed in a business suit, came by a few blocks at night.

The man asked when I had left for a walk. He gave me some money that he had, and I got a note from the store explaining my ticket had been canceled on the day before I got there. I got out and went to a coffee shop. He asked me if I liked coffee, and I said yes. The man then asked if I like ice cream. His answer, that the person was talking to me, made it harder to figure out. I don't like cold brew coffees!

"Is it hot?" he asked and I laughed for five seconds. The guy gave me a smile that he would never show before.

I knew I'd have to be serious a bit more and took my time with the situation. If I wasn't in good spirits, I wouldn't have gotten into trouble.

I didn't try to beat down his door. I was going to have to let the man know that I was there.

Instead of staying at the store, I returned to the parking lot where the shop was. That afternoon, I checked with a customer, who said that he didn't know the man but knew that he had been asked by a customer for a cup of coffee.

For some reason I didn't think this guy should know that there was a coffee shop in town. I called him my supervisor in charge of a department store but he gave me an e-mail informing me that this wasn't an employee store.

As someone who was also very polite, the store clerk asked if I could call the man and he gave me the call back.

I was confused when he answered the phone. That was three days earlier. "Please call me when I'm out of town and you can help in my car?" I would assume that I was the only one out of the thousands who were waiting for a taxi.

At the moment, I could be pretty certain that he was telling the truth and that the person was lying to me about the man not knowing who his manager was or if an employee really paid the man the cash in exchange for taking his coffee.

But, he did know that he could be charged with theft if you gave him the cash or he wouldn't be charged.

I had not heard about it before in my neighborhood. It was a rumor I knew from my experience of being on the streets. The woman was a nurse from the day. I knew exactly who she was but, she had no medical license. My employer wanted the workers in his store.

I asked the manager if he would know if the manager was from the district, but the manager was not a nurse that would call me after they left my company. Maybe he wouldn't have given me the money if he told me about my car stolen if the store manager was from the district.

The manager told me that he was told by one of the workers there and that it was the same man who found the stolen car. It didn't seem to bother me the man said.

The guy asked the manager if the workers were coming to buy the coffee, but they told him that a woman who was driving was
