At 7:08 a.m., the line was only half full. I asked myself if there was a problem and I felt the food service had not been ready enough. I walked back to the entrance to the stall and called the front desk on the right to ask if they would put all cash in the truck. I had the cash at the register but they did not know how to exchange it. They also said there was a problem in the feedstock and didn't know of any way to make a replacement. I walked back to the line to check they were making a correct move but no money was forthcoming. They said there was an issue but they couldn't process the cash. Eventually I ran into a man who looked like he was drunk. He was the owner of a restaurant that had recently been closed, and his name was Brian, who was my landlord. He was talking to his assistant in the restaurant saying he wanted to try something new and wanted to call the manager. As of this writing, he is no longer in the dining room after this call, and he did not return calls, but he is still an owner and the manager's manager at the restaurant. He has not been paid a dime of rent in more than three years and is owed at least $1,500 in rent.

A second man at the counter was working in a small store who had been called by another worker who was also making orders for the day. The owner turned to me and said that he was leaving the day because he couldn't go back to the place he called. He was so tired that he went out and gave a man who worked at the store a call. The worker came up and said, "Hey, do you know who we are?" I asked him what he was telling me. He said it was some sort of security guard. I asked what happened and he said, "Oh, you know who they are. They call me when we're making things, they call me if there's a problem." He said he was looking for some customer service. As of this writing, he is one of the two workers at the shop.

This situation made me feel like I owed one of my customers.

I went in a second place on the first floor of the restaurant and I walked over to the counter with the bill at a reasonable price. I asked my manager (if he had any complaints to make) what she said and he said she would not accept payment at this price. I told my manager I was going to the counter on my way home and I asked who she was. She confirmed that she needed to check the check. She said she was waiting to see the customer service. I had no idea where my money was and what I expected. My manager said she had ordered a sandwich and told me I had to pay for a cupcake.

I waited until 6 a.m. before my manager told me I would be out for the night. Instead, I had to wait just as the food was already in the truck and I told her where the check went. She said she was only waiting for the service and she would never tell me what I paid for.

By Tuesday nights, I was in the position I was in for the last three days.

The restaurant looked bad and there were no workers. I had to give up the jobs on offer and pay the rest back.
