"I feel sorry for you," the woman said, pointing to the kitchen sink.

"How much have you lost?"

"Three days, $30,000." She brought the pan to a boil, put it on her plate. I thought about dropping the pan in the sink, taking it out the corner of the room and setting it on my table. I pulled a little too quickly out of the sink to make the boiling point go. I started to get really thirsty. No drink on me. I just kept thinking of the girl who had given me that potty.

"That's the first time," I said.

I didn't really feel like letting her down.

"It's just a little too hot."

"What?" I asked her.

"Just a little too hot!" and we went to the sink.

"What? How? What do you mean?" she asked. So did the guy who got us the first pot.

"Well it's just a little too hot."

"What does that mean?"

"It's simply too hot to have a good conversation."

"Why are you looking at me? You look very nervous."

"We're not even close. We're just in a little too long and you're like…" I thought. "I'm not going anywhere."

"What?" she asked me.

"You have a whole family out there and you're just sitting there, waiting for Mom to call for help and I'll give you something to eat."

I knew she would. As I began to understand the pain in my mouth, I felt her hands on my back, pulling me into her arms. We were hugging and hugging and holding each other. We weren't even close…

I was not going to go anywhere… at least not with her.

There was nothing to be done about it. I was going to go home, take care of the girl and go home… to be with my aunt, a woman who had been in the business for decades. She had her son. She had her husband. She had a niece. She loved to work and had always felt that way about me… that my parents could have helped me. She loved to be close to me. She loved her husband and was a role model, a woman who would work in a factory.

But she did not know that… that they were going to have one child with me.

After months of waiting and thinking, I sat down on the couch with my arms folded, and decided to try to find out what had happened to her.

I started to think that I had heard about some strange woman with a mysterious name calling my mother, something I had done many times before. I had had a long and painful history of being bullied and abused. In the days after my dad died, he went to bed with a broken head, crying as we worked on his car.

I thought about the last time I had been in the office with my mother.

After the first time he hit me over the head in his office, we spent hours talking and arguing and trying to have a good time. He would call and would leave after hours. I was not in the office very long, and she wasn't at home. One of the other
