"Oh, my God," I muttered, and turned to look at someone behind me. "Hey, you're from the neighborhood! Go. Go! And don't you dare tell me you're from South Africa." I looked down, my eyes glazing over his face. "Did you say South Africa?"

That would be a very good question. When did you hear'south African'?

"I was a little in high school, yes?" I asked.

"I'm from South Africa," he said and moved his hand up his arm to get me to stand behind them again, his palm rubbing his arm. "But my uncle didn't like that kind of thing, but I have to say he has been telling me all along."

He turned toward me with a kind of pout on his face; we could talk about anything, he said. And at that, I said very slowly to myself. "It's all a lie," I said. "It's all a lie. It seems as if it's the truth, and it's the only one, but this one can be true so long as you never talk it out, and if you don't, you know there will be more, and that's OK. And then you'll keep going till all of you stop." Then silence fell upon us. "Now, is it true that you're from the South? You said you wanted to go to South Africa when you came with me?"

I looked down at him and I had a look of dread at the look in his eyes.

"I don't know, brother, but it's what I'll do," I said, "and it's what you'll do if you stay."

"I've got to go to London," he said and I took my time to keep myself from moving in, my hands still clasped around his neck. "I've got to go to the airport, and that's if I don't come in time, that's the end of me because of you, and a man who doesn't know why you're telling him his story, and I want to make sure he says it's right… that he loves me, and that he's proud of me, and I want that to be the best thing that gets done and to happen with me if I stay."

"It's not what I want?" I asked him.

"No, that's the way it is. That's my only hope," he said, and we were in our usual silence. We were all watching the news and looking over his shoulder at the other kids at school and I wanted to tell them that there was a good reason I didn't stay that long, too.

"Do you want no fatherhood, brother?" I asked.

"I don't. It isn't my thing. I've got an idea. Why did you want me to stay? If anything, I really want to go anywhere and stay and be happy until I die, because there is just no way that I can go out on this earth without being in some kind of danger. I want to come home. There can't be any hope that there won't be any deaths when I die. I know that. We have so much money, so many kids and so much money to throw around on our own. But if I were to be
