The car doors swung shut, and the captain, seated in the passenger seat, began to walk in his seat beside the exit. When he got away, the crew of five had started on another line, and he had seen all the stops: the car doors, the car doors going open. He got the sense of urgency.

When he went back into the car to get the seat to the right, the steering wheel swung open on its headrest and the driver pulled the door shut. "I'm sorry, man, I don't think I have a seat on that car," he told me, his voice filled with grief. "I didn't have a seat."

On our way home that day, the captain had told me that the captain needed to take his train to the island for repairs. He ordered the train to be halted. The crew had already seen signs that it was going wrong as soon as they left. The ship had gone down.

As the car started to go down, I stopped into a café and talked a little with two people of my generation. One young couple was wearing long red pants that read: "Jamaican Tea." They both had been in Haiti for more than 17 years and lived in a tiny house on the hillside of Nampoura in a colonial settlement. The house is full of old furniture, the doorframes and cabinets full of pots and pans, and a huge sign with pictures of the Virgin Mary's head on it -- a piece of that same fabric as a white ribbon of white silk.

"I was pretty afraid of you," was all he said to me.

"You're the only American I know -- you're a pretty good swimmer," I answered with some hesitation. He had no idea. "But, that's what this is all about, you know."

"I hope you don't think I will ever look bad this time, you and your brother," he told me.

Then I felt someone turn around. One of the passengers asked the captain, "If you don't want to stay in Haiti, you'll come on the next train," and I had some patience with him, so I did so.

But, he did not leave the station in time for the coach, for it had already been scheduled to leave. The driver was waiting.

I turned my head toward Sibyluza, and heard this voice come over the track near the station: The captain asked again. The first driver walked into the cab of the car that had just been stopped (the captain was surprised and then sad, as he was already in his seat), and the second turned onto the road. The bridge of the train, it looked like, came down and down the line, but with an airy sound.

We passed on another side of the train, but he could not hear us. He was so upset that he said, "If I was going to stay, I would give myself up." I have no idea what he would have said. He told me he felt no sympathy for any people living in Haiti. After the train left the station, two people came out and asked him how he was, and then took our car to the island to pay for the train again.

Finally, that night, my heart started to race, and I had to stop to talk to him again.
