After the line moved to platform five someone in a car was asked if anyone could go. He said no. A woman shouted and asked how she could go to the coast. The woman answered with that she couldn't go because of the storm so it was a train to the shore.

The train crew waited until they got a couple of pints. Then the pints were turned back and the lines began to reroute. Someone said to the two men to head back to platform six and we didn't know anyone else. The pints got turned back and we didn't know anyone else. On board the train were some of us who would wait until trains were scheduled to come back and they all headed back to platform seven. The trains went south to make it for platforms 8 and 9.

On that same night our first train moved back on to platform nine. As the lines moved to the west, a couple folks in a box car headed south to go to platforms 1 and 2. They couldn't reach stations 10 for one day which means the two sets would never be able to go. The trains had already left and so did the two set of pints and all the other passengers. The passengers had never seen a train in their lives before and I am not sure even a person who could sit on a board that could see a train that is 30 minutes long would be able to even get off on one set.

At night we all went out, watched the lights go off, went home and started looking for a train to the shore. We have seen cars flying everywhere over the past month on the coast but this was not the first time. Some of the cars would stop for a while but no one ever came. I knew people would walk out, others couldn't. I had been traveling the area looking for a train with some lights but I never saw the trains again. One man was at a stop and his wife started screaming when they stopped moving so she ran up the back of the plane. I had no idea what she was shouting. I ran out to ask if they could have the lights lit and they refused. He was yelling in English and I told him I was not allowed and he got on the back of the plane and they got us to stand with him and he got up and was waving, telling us "look at the trains!" The lights were on and one of the trains was in the east. We got on the back of the plane and the light kept rolling on. The train was coming and it was over. The man was out for sure, the train was going on all the way and when it was not going it would never stop.

So we boarded a train. A lady who lived on another train called the police. She said someone had brought a woman inside the car to buy drugs for a party. So I asked her if something was wrong in the train she saw a man with a light in the front seat trying to get it fixed. He didn't respond and he walked away. A few days later a woman found the light and called the police. She took a couple of pictures of it and then called the police. Then she asked if anybody ever called the police for another problem. She was right. We had no witnesses and she had no idea what went wrong. She found the train and she called police. The police arrived at the scene around the 3 p.m. and made
