When my parents learned of the news, they looked over and took a second look. This time they did not look over at me.

We were so happy when we got back to my grandparents' place, which in reality is a big parking lot. But it was still very quiet. We waited long enough to say goodbye. I had to write again. It was at 10 o'clock. So I went to bed. I could not find a place to sleep. There were no sheets in my room.

On Tuesday afternoon, I went to an apartment. I was walking toward the garage door when a man who identified himself as a clerk on a staff sergeant's report of sexual harassment came to the rear of the building. He was wearing a long, bluish gray sweater and a short yellow dress shirt with a pink top that was tied around her shoulders. As if he wanted to know if she were getting naked for an interview or just having some sex. When he looked at me I could see that the red shirt wasn't just a skirt. He had on white gloves and boots. His hands were wrapped around her hips and he was shaking her neck and then he was talking and saying something to her like 'I don't want to do that anymore. We should get back to work now.' I thought that he was trying to figure out what I was feeling or what my feelings were. I knew he was not. We were together for 30 minutes. Then the supervisor called the police.

I wrote another letter. It was long and confusing and I didn't feel safe there. But what I said to my wife later, because I had thought I was being sarcastic in the letter, was to tell her that she could never be alone with someone who behaved her very badly for several and even three years. I still wanted answers and that was the plan. But there were other things that had happened that made me uncomfortable.

One of the women was a deputy district attorney who had been sent into the office and investigated when the case turned cold. Her job was to lead the district attorney's office and lead the investigation, so that there was no retaliation for her report.

The deputy district attorney then asked my husband to step down from her job and take over again. I did not know the exact circumstances by which he did this job and when I told him about my situation, he said he wanted my husband to take over, but he didn't say any of that.

I took a second job. I didn't realize until the next day that I had become the chief of police in that unit. We had worked at the agency for five years and had been assigned about seven other deputy district attorneys in that department.

On the first day of my work days, my second job was to get through the day's work and to review and report on what had happened. After the second day, my third job was to help cover the backlog from day to day and to coordinate the work of all the officers involved.

This is a tough business for an investigation. The department has been working on a backlog for many years and it takes many officers a year to get a single one of them to go through work. The last thing the department wants is a repeat, repeat, repeat of its terrible handling of sexual assault.

It may seem like an incredible thing that a woman can go out and be a part of a
