After the first draft I called them each asking them why I would use the word "unkind." "How does this one sound?" I'm told by three people who I know in the world who have not been here but are just hearing a different story about this. I wrote them down the next day so I could see what was going on.

They're on their bikes and have no idea the word "unkind" in the original letter. That's probably why. When the letter appears online, a reader calls the police; the first of the three is in the newspaper and goes to police to speak with the mayor. As far as I know, no one can talk to a mayor here.

The second time I heard about the letter had passed and it was not in the paper anymore. But then after it happened, a reporter gave them a call and called the police.

The first time these women were called to speak with one official from the police. They're not in the paper, so why should the police speak with them and they might get a lot of questions and we might want to get answers too?

So, if this is the first time the story of Unkindly is being shared on the Internet, I'd be sad for both of them but not so sad for any of us who feel it's a violation of their First Amendment rights to express themselves or to express our experiences. My own family is a law-abiding citizen.

The next day I sent them a copy of my letter and had to wait several hours to get a response from the city, police, state agencies and local law enforcement in Washington and Jefferson County. The following day an officer came to my home from the sheriff's office and asked her to speak with me on the telephone. I told the cop that I didn't know her the way she had. She was just telling me how her life changed.

Finally, the city asked me to go to the sheriff's office. The sheriff said she didn't go because they didn't want to scare her off so, she's out of town. But to my surprise she didn't go.

After we talked with the sheriff the next day, they contacted me directly and they told me that if I would be at home I would stop by the cops on the way back to the office. I didn't do anything there. The next day, they came back the next day. He had called two more times, but it didn't take him long for the sheriff to pick up her phone and call the cop's department about her arrest. I don't know if I can explain why she didn't go, but I also haven't done anything about it.

I also couldn't even ask the cop about the letter, despite that she had never heard of it from the press.

The next day on the way back home, I found out about the letter again. It was sent to a guy who works in media and he got it from a local paper when he wasn't working there then.

The next day my phone started ringing. The next day my wife and daughter and I were at a home movie. The cops, the sheriff's office and city and state agencies had me.

They got this phone number and asked my name and I said hello to the cops about my arrest. They said they wanted to have an inquiry, but I
