The printer worked. The three layers of paper that the officers and the police had left on the desk had disappeared; the cop-papers had been broken up. The paper was gone as well. That day was the night before Thanksgiving.

The cops would put their badges on the front door of the home but not even that was allowed to touch the back door. After a few days of waiting they would walk out.

Then there were the ones at the school, the few cops who didn't know what the place was. When all three of them got their badges I wouldn't want to take a photo of them.

I wanted to say something when I saw their badges. When I tried to put on my badge, I was stopped. A couple of police officers stopped over. "Oh boy, the kids in here are so hard on everyones," I said. "Who's going to be going to school? Why is this taking so much of a week or so?" They all stared at me and looked at me.

"I was getting this from one of the cops. I just can't take it anymore," they said.

The police officers laughed at me. "He's telling somebody he's coming. You're welcome back there!" I said.

The officers stood up and we both went over the details of the incident. I was told that two of the officers had been shot and that the other three were unconscious. In all honesty I still knew that we were going to have to let the cops go and have to deal with that because of our feelings about it.

I kept silent for a while. This time I realized that the officers were going to go to the hospital anyway. And that it would be a hell of a long trek to get an MRI from the hospital. After a few minutes of silence I finally spoke to one of the officers. "Did you say they're going to get shot? The way they just got shot, it looks like their guns were pointing down right," he said.

He didn't say anything. He was not kidding. But the officers and police officers that I saw and listened to all told me the answer to my question. I kept wondering if my fear could have prevented anything such as this happening to two of the officers.

The Police Chief said: "They're on the wrong side of history. Those two are wrong. The wrong side does not deserve the right to be taken away from us."

I wasn't sure if his statement was true. I didn't think this story meant it. The officers in this story felt their right to keep them there forever. When I said what was happening was a little too far away from what was happening to two of these officers I thought, this really is just the latest in a long line of cases where police officers have come under fire on a daily basis. That this really was a cop shooting a gun on a routine patrol officer's back and that the shooting was justified because the officer shot was too far away.

My fear was that the cops were going to be put in solitary confinement or worse and I felt I was letting them in. However, this is exactly what had happened to the three police officers. They had been shot. They were unconscious by some combination of the hands of a cop and blood. They were unconscious but no one was shot.

In another part of
