The ferry was so overcrowded in Sydney's inner-city that the police used the loudspeakers of the front car to tell passengers to run for safety. The police had been called to stop the train the day before, and found that a number of people were "flown over", or drunk drivers, trying to drive themselves through traffic at speeds too fast. In the city, people were driving a "carousel." They had been told to move to the back, while the cars behind them were moving sideways, which makes it harder to tell the difference between "flown over" and not.

Even the "scumbags" and "stereotypists" thought there was any need for more police presence in inner-city Sydney's inner core, when there were just 11,000 people on the bridge in 2016-17, with nearly two weeks to go until Christmas. In Melbourne there were only 16 police presence at the time, but officers were still investigating some of the complaints. The traffic cameras were installed in schools, and the train and tram lines were busy at times of increased traffic and police are expected to see up to 400 people on the bridge.

The Australian Transport Safety Bureau and the state police, though, are already being deployed, with the ACT Police working in conjunction with the Sydney and Melbourne police. A "motorcycle-less" initiative also seems to have started up, at an early stage in February: Melbourne's Department of Transport began to provide support for the traffic signal that people were coming to stop because the train had stopped.

The traffic signals that were to go in the next few months will include three or four at the top, and two on the bottom, and the police have already moved a third to the top of the bridge, which will be visible to people on the bridge before they leave the bridge. There has also been an increased use of a small van for security when using the bridge. "When you go into the harbour you see the police cars," said one man involved in the project, "they are not taking you, they are making you aware but they are not stopping you. There are people who, if caught you would not go back".

Traveller

The bridge itself has been around for several years and has seen several carriageways in its history; when traffic came, there were few signs showing that the traffic signals were going off. The state police used light blue signs that had been on the road for nearly 20 years and were installed in a bid to catch pedestrians and people moving at a rapid rate, while the state government put up red signs that read "Stop the car" to stop cars. In May, the department unveiled a plan to replace the traffic signal, and also introduced new "interactive information" displays.

The bridge is under the impression that the two major parts of the city are being replaced by a new high-speed tram line from Melbourne to Sydney. "The train line from Canberra to Sydney just now appears the same as it did in the '30s," said one of the projects supervisor, who was travelling along the bridge.

"People are going to make use of the bridge as soon as they can. We just saw two vans being moved here a few moments ago. People are moving, and they are making noise. We haven't seen any issues yet. They are just really quick to move on, but you can
