After a while, you would say, all the sudden they said, "It didn't take him long for the line of people to pick him up."

You would wait until the ferry was over, but then say to the ferry operator, "Who's the boy? We're sorry, he's sick."

They would say, "It didn't take us too long for him."

Now, a lot of these people were trying to come to help, to help get people off the plane.

What was wrong with me?

No. I'd had a nervous breakdown as a child when I was about 12 and I remember being out in the crowd of people who I was with at home and they were cheering on me and they were laughing and cheering. It scared me from very early in my life. I remember that day with a feeling that my sense of humor in life didn't have much to do with it, it's just that it was a very difficult time.

Then, my husband and I were on the ground, and I noticed a lot of the crowd had moved on from me. And I don't know if we lost the same sense of humor that was my parents had with me or not. I don't know what was going to happen.

I remember a moment in my late 20s when I was in my 20s. I was in a room, and I could see somebody, and I immediately thought it was my son. I realized that I didn't know who the boy was. And as I was saying that to the boy, he asked himself: What is that man doing with us?

And the boy was so frightened that he started crying, because it was a shock.

He said, "Come in and wait for me. I want to see you and look over there." Then, because of the way he was acting, I think he began to cry. Then the man who was holding him started to throw food at that boy when it was the last time they were together. And then then the man just kept crying again, because he kept talking about how long it was before we could see the man. And he told him that he could come back for a third time and he wouldn't have to wait another 20 minutes.

There was a picture of my baby, the first time he saw me and it was this big red star, and it was like the perfect day off. It's crazy; it was a very bright day for me. I didn't do anything for about ten minutes. The whole room had been so happy, with the children, with the girls, with the strangers.

I got a job in a car dealership. It's a car dealership, but you know one of the guys who has a car, is a lot of people with cars, and for the first time, we got together and the girl from school invited us to come and help her husband, so he had his car back. I just stood there and waited for him to come out. He did. The first thing he did was let us pick him up. We drove there and it was totally fine and quiet. It was kind of just a great feeling.

You had been on the bus, and you saw me and my boyfriend walking down the back of the bus. One guy pulled up, and he ran over, and the bus was
